EECS293 Project 11 Design Document - Shaun Howard (smh150)

Given the assignment document, I have developed the following design for the
filter system.


Filter - which will have generic input and output types
A filter repeatedly takes an input value and returns an output value. A filter also has an optional reset operation that is the
same type as the input value.

Scalar Filter - which is a type of Filter
Multiplies the input value by a given scalar value which results in the output value.

Identity Filter - which is a type of Scalar Filter with scale 1
This multiplies the input value by a unit scalar which results
in an output value the same as the input value.

Max Filter N - which is a type of Scalar Filter that has a maximum determined by a Comparator and utilizes reset operation.
This returns the max value of the last N values (or less if < N
values are available since the beginning or the last reset).

Max Filter - which is a type of Max Filter N with N as infinity
This returns the max value since the beginning or the last reset,
whichever occurred most recently.

Min Filter N - which is a type of Scalar Filter that has a minimum determined by a Comparator and utilizes reset operation.
This returns the min value of the last N values (or less if < N
values are available since the beginning or the last reset).

Min Filter - which is a type of Min Filter N with N as infinity
This returns the min value since the beginning or the last reset,
whichever occurred most recently.

Averaging Filter N - which is a type of Scalar Filter that gets the average of input and utilizes reset operation.
This returns the average value of the last N values (or less if < N values are available since the beginning or the last reset).

Averaging Filter - which is a type of Averaging Filter N with N as infinity
This returns the average value since the beginning or the last reset, whichever occurred most recently.

Scalar Linear Filter - which is a type of Filter and utilizes reset operation
FIR Filter - which is a type of Scalar Linear Filter
Gain Filter - which is a type of FIR Filter
Binomial Filter - which is a type of FIR Filter
Filter Cascade - which is a type of Filter that takes multiple Filters but does not support the reset operation.
Filters in the filter cascade can, however, be reset individually.


